missing docs - custom roles (role attributes) (#407)
permitio/docs: docs/api/examples/filter-role-associations.mdx

Check the [API documentation](https://api.permit.io/v2/redoc#tag/Role-Assignments/operation/list_role_assignments) for more information.

## List Tenant Roles Filter by Role Attributes

The [List Roles API](https://api.permit.io/v2/redoc#tag/Roles/operation/list_roles) allows filtering roles, based on role attributes

> using the `attr_` prefix. This feature enables you to retrieve only the roles that match specific attribute values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the `attr_` prefix. This feature enables you to retrieve only the roles matching specific attribute values.
```

### Example

> To filter roles by attributes in your project, you can make a GET request to the following endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Filter roles by attributes (in this example "color" and "access_level") in your project, by sending a GET request with the following format:
```
